---
layout: post
title: "Under Searing Skies"
date: 2021-11-17 09:00:00
category: release
tags: [release,compilation,curation]
permalink: /news/20211117-001
---

A few months ago, I was invited to curate the third compilation from series There Is Still An Orchestra. This release is now out!<!--more-->

Entitled "Under Searing Skies", it includes nine exclusive tracks composed by solo ambient artists from around the world using various approaches, resulting in a wide musical diversity reflecting the richness of the underground ambient music scene.

The release comes with a digital booklet presenting in details each artist and their respective tracks.

As for previous releases, this third There Is Still An Orchestra compilation aims at promoting talented artists that deserve more light, supporting at the same time an important cause.

In Summer 2021, Greece and Turkey were devastated by wildfires, with dramatic consequences on local populations and biodiversity. All proceeds raised with this compilation will be donated to the "Wildfire emergency" campaign of WWF in order to help local wildlife rehabilitation centers and organizations demonstrating effective ways to combat future fires. See lp.panda.org/med-wildfires.

Many thanks to all the artists involved in this compilation, and to all the persons who support There Is Still An Orchestra.


<iframe style="border: 0; width: 350px; height: 470px;" src="https://bandcamp.com/EmbeddedPlayer/album=1633242473/size=large/bgcol=ffffff/linkcol=0687f5/tracklist=false/transparent=true/" seamless><a href="https://stillanorchestra.bandcamp.com/album/under-searing-skies-2">Under Searing Skies by There is still an orchestra</a></iframe>